as the Israeli Army continue attacking
civilians houses in noring R schools and
shelter continue to be
overcrowding I'm talking to you from an
evacuation Center in jabal refug Camp
and each classroom in this facility
supposed to accommodate for one family
but due to the intense heavy attacks on
nothing G St each classroom here have
more than three families civilians who
are taking shelter in this facility are
had
accumulating conditions on the daily
basis there is no safety no stability
and no security now I am at this school
and at any single moment I could be
forced to leave this school has been
targeted twice before that is why I say
we don't have stability and we don't
have security the Israeli forces hit us
and attack us
everywhere it's difficult we've been in
this situation for too long we don't
properly eat or drink or sleep we live
in displacement and crammed schools
we're starving and despite all of this
disadvantages schools are being targeted
civilians here are afraid from the
unpredictable attacks that might hit the
school
anytime
alaz nothing has a
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
our channel to get the latest news from
Al jazer